All right let's talk about the various Marchal tops in Project cheek's or so project so far.
Two types of modules namely named mojos and unnamed modules.
So I see a breakdown of each top so I can say that we've got named modules and nine modules now nine
modules can be automatic or normal modules and still further we can break down normal modules which
can be basic modules or modules.
So let's discuss some named modules in more detail.
All right so firstly if a named modules each night module has a nine.
No nine modules can be normal or automatic you know nine modules A module is declared in the module
Deitsch in Feydeau Java fall which is the module descriptor file.
So that's actually a requirement for nine modules and old platform modules are named modules no noble
modules don't officially exist in the in JDK 9 we just used the term normal for a named module that
isn't an automatic module.
And again a normal module has a module descriptor fault.
In other words the module dash in Java fall while an automatic module doesn't have a module descriptor
fall and a normal module is declared using the keyword module.
A normal module doesn't export any of its packages by default.
And finally a normal module is divided into basic and open modules or so.
Contrast that to automatic modules.
So an automatic module was created after reading a file to the module path.
Now I'd like a nine much all an automatic module is not explicitly declared by the developer inside
the module descriptor rather it's automatically created when a jar file is placed into the module lbf.
Now it requires by default all platform modules all around modules and all other automatic modules and
part of what it exports all its packages.
Now these are useful for third party code.
Are we talking more about that Lydda.
And they're also used for migrating existing applications to Java 9 and you'll see that in practice
in the next section in this course.
Now basic modules to artificially exist in JDK 9.
Ada we just use the term basic for a module that is not an open module.
Now in other words these are not automatic and not open.
So it's got the same characteristics as a normal module except that it's not an open module.
So let's talk about open modules.
You know many third party libraries like spring and harp tonight.
He's refl. to access the internals of JDK of the irradicate run taught.
Now they slobbers won't work unless we have an open module now and open much of to find using the open
Keywood now and I pretty much will make all packages in sort of Mudgal accessible for deep reflection.
Have a case where open can be used to declare an open module or to the class specific packages as open
now you will get to see this in action later in the course of the Java ethics application.
We kind to say how to open some packages so yet the ethics of Milada and the Application class write
so much less.
But we talked about earlier in this video.
I don't have a name.
And also we don't declare them now they export all their packages and it actually reads old machos in
the JDK and on the Mudgal lbf now an unnamed module is a module made up of files from the classpath
and all these files for the nind muchall and we do latter is discuss the difference between the Mudgal
path and classpath and importantly a name module can't require an unnamed module or Let's talk now about
aggregate modules.
Now these exist for convenience.
Now usually they have no code of their own.
They just have a module descriptor and they collected export the contents of other modules.
This is the reason why the ninth as an aggregator as an example here.
When a few modules depend on that size three modules what we can do is create an aggregate module for
those three modules.
And that way and Macho's can depend on only a single module which would be that newly created aggregated
model and then if you want to see an example of that in the JDK 9 is several aggregated modules.
Take a look in Java don't say that module for starters.
So much reporting classpath.
JDK 9 introduced a module path module path can represent path to a sequence of folders that contain
modules it can represent a path to a much older Jafa how it can represent a path to much follow which
if you're unfamiliar is an extended version of a jar file and then we will discuss what follows later
in the course.
Now a module path is used by the compiler here to find and resolve modules every module from a module
path needs to have a module declaration and I can use the module Desch in for Java.
So contrasting that the muchall path to a class path the class path of course is represents a sequence
of JAF files.
All right so let's finish this video here and we'll continue our discussion in the next video.